this is a hatchling tub it's a 12 quart
Sterlite tub with the lid fits right in
there some other babies that I got and
the water bowl as you can see is just a
little you know a little plastic cup
type deal I'm actually found these at
Walmart in the toddler section that's
what they look like they come with like
pink lids so look for these little
things with pink lids you can get them
in packs of six where I think like $2
it's great you know it's again another
little leaf type deal all my babies have
you know something like this in there
and this is a little super pastel female
very pretty so and this hide is a small
hide from reptile basics as all my hides
are firm that tall basics so alright and
that is a hatchling tub
all right this is a mail tub 228 court
Sterlite tub on the bottom are the Scot
mag towels as you can see you can get
the rag tiles at Home Depot for about
ten bucks a box I think they come with
300 rags those are just little fake
plants that I got in there that's a
medium hide for my boy that's in this
tub and that is a just a little ziplock
container that you can buy at Walmart
it's real simple as you can see I
blacked it out from the outside of
course that's typically what you want to
do with these tubs especially because
you know I tell my tell one of my racks
is specifically for this tub
so I blacked out about 90% of it it's
got the clear front but everything else
is blacked out so uh just makes him feel
more secure alright that is a male tub
here's the boy that goes in here he is a
genetic banded fire real pretty snake
one of a kind so pretty excited to work
with him this year
and once again that's easy that's his
setup
is our adult tub set up these are cb7
racks - this rack right here which I
think these are the 42 cork starlight
tubs but same type of setup as the other
ones just uh bigger so yep these are the
cd70 racks I got from reptile basics as
well this water bowl from our tub 86
it's the large one
what's a large hide get a nice pretty
girl in there this is the this is the
adult set up all my adults in here have
the same setup and some of them don't
have hides right now just because we are
going into breeding season so some of
them are Hylas show you another one same
setup it's a citrus pastel female back
there real pretty
alright so once again these are my uh
these are my babies as my hatchlings and
all these empty tubs are in preparation
for this upcoming season by the time I
do have eggs all these guys will be
grown up and they put in bigger tubs
this is my mail setup all right got heat
tape in the back controlled by herps
that for all my racks and this is the
adult setup
alright thanks for watching